Good afternoon family.
I'm excited to be with you all again today.
I just want to thank you for all the likes and subscribes; it has meant so much to us.
We are getting the gospel out to people all over the world, and people are telling me they're watching our videos.
It's because of people like you who help me in the YouTube algorithm to help boost me in the rankings.
Every time you like a video or make a comment, you're helping me, and people are able to find me.
I just want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart.
If you're watching this video and you're new to my channel, please like and subscribe; click that notification bell.
I just want to say thank you all again so much for helping me out.
This is where we are.
If you remember just a couple of videos back, one of the warnings the Lord showed me involved three men.
I saw another man down in Brazil who was very high in the occult.
I told you about these men; there was one who was over the pharmaceutical companies—he is an American—and then we have these people in Europe.
But these three men in particular, the Lord showed me in an open-eyed vision when I was interceding for America and for revival.
He showed me these men having a meeting with the devil.
They have two demons assigned to them that were connected by the Devil himself.
I saw this one man in Europe having a meeting with Satan, and the Lord warned me about this.
I saw them trying to come against people's minds with satanic rituals to try to get them to do stupid things.
You know what happened in Maine last night?
It was very demonic.
If you go and read his account of all the things he said were going on with him prior to this—hearing voices—it was demonic and energized.
There were so many things happening with this man prior to the incident in Maine.
I asked the Lord if they were actually going to hire people to do this, and the Lord said, 'No, this is a satanic agenda that's going to come against people's minds that already have a weakness of mental disturbance.
' He told me this was an assignment from principalities and they were going to come against the Second Amendment.
The Lord said this is how they're going to run their campaign in 2024, and He said you need to tell the people to pray and hear the voice of the Lord concerning every place they go in their day-to-day activity: major events, crowds, and concerts.
That's why I prayed for protection for Coachella this year; the Lord had me praying against violent acts of terrorism.
I know they're heathen people, probably acting crazy, but we don't need terrorism in any shape or form.
Ever.
We are the salt of the earth, and we pray for people's protection at all costs.
We pray for them to find Jesus and have a relationship with the Lord.
We don't need them going home before we reach them.
We pray for all hidden things to be revealed.
If there are plots and plans by lone wolf idiots like this guy in Maine, we pray the Holy Spirit would show us things to come and that angels would protect the people.
If the Lord warns you about going to a place and says, 'Do not go there today,' listen to His voice.
He's trying to protect you.
Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 are what we stand by.
We have a covenant with a God who is a protector.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower, and the righteous run into it and they are safe.
I believe He is our divine protection, but we have to listen to Him.
Every morning say, 'Father, I thank you that you're leading and guiding me today.
Show me where I'm supposed to be.
If I'm not supposed to go to the bowling alley or to Walmart today, show me.
' Humble yourself under the mighty hand of God because He will protect you.
He will send His angels to keep charge over you.
I warned you this was coming, and it will become more frequent.
The Lord said to be watchful because the devil knows his time is short and is trying to get as many people as he can to go to hell, which was never designed for you.
The Lord warned me about the oil.
A day or two ago, an article in Forbes magazine said they believe oil could go to $200 a barrel because of the war in the Middle East with Israel.
This is another thing I prophesied.
The Lord told me we would have an acceleration in the war, signs in the heavens, and the economy.
I gave you the word about crypto, and two days later Bitcoin went up to 35,000 or 36,000 after being dormant for months.
These are signs.
A lot of people were upset about Pastor Steve's ten-year window.
We occupy until He comes.
Pastor Steve is a brilliant man; while some didn't like the ten-year timeline, I want everyone to come on and have an opinion.
We don't need sugar-coated words; we need words that challenge us to grow.
If we have ten years, we will go through more birthing pains.
Everything the Lord showed me, from the 350 million people going home to the supernatural wealth transfer through crypto, gold, and silver, is coming.
The Bible says the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.
God will bring you witty ideas and creative ideas to get wealth.
This is an acceleration of finances.
God is not in a hurry.
Ten years is nothing compared to the last thousands of years.
It took many prophets decreeing a Savior is coming for the manifestation of Jesus to happen the first time.
Now, the prophetic voices are decreeing that Jesus is coming again.
He's speaking to me, 'Tell them I'm coming, Brandon.
' For the last 2,000 years, we've been proclaiming Jesus is coming.
I personally believe we have at least six years because we missed the shmita cycle.
According to Rabbi Jonathan Cahn's book, every shmita cycle is an opportunity for decreeing Rosh Hashanah Hashanah for the rapture to take place.
I believe we have six years left until the next shmita cycle.
That cycle opens a seven-year window for the tribulation before the thousand-year reign.
We just closed the first year of the current cycle, so we have six years until that shmita cycle is fulfilled.
That's my personal opinion.
Don't get hung up on it; instead, pray and fast.
We have an escapism mentality, but the armor of the body of Christ was designed to march forward, never to retreat.
There is no armor for the backside.
The Lord told me He never designed our armor for retreat, but to take dominion and authority.
Look at the helmet of salvation, the breastplate of righteousness, the belt of truth, the shield of faith, and the sword of the spirit.
We need to take the gospel throughout the world.
Tell them there's a hell to shun and a heaven to gain.
We shouldn't be in retreat mode or hiding.
We need to get the gospel out, lay hands on the sick, and cast out devils.
We've got to win the lost.
The spiritual attack has been crazy, but I'm not scared of the devil.
No weapon formed against me shall prosper.
I had an amazing experience last night where the Lord spoke to me audibly.
I believe the anointing on my life is coming on your life today because you support my ministry.
My wife and I intercede for you.
The Lord told me this morning that I missed an important detail: you need to take authority over demonic spirits in your city.
Bind those spirits.
You are seated with Him in the heavenlies, and Jesus is the same miracle-working God today as He was back then.
He gave us that power.
Take authority over the principalities and the cultic agendas trying to bring chaos.
Command those devils to stop.
You will not touch our area in Jesus' name.
It's not about doom and gloom; it's about being wise and being a Watchman on the wall.
That man in Maine was listening to voices; that was a demonic spirit.
Take authority over this.
Pray in the spirit and stir yourself up in tongues every day for 30 minutes.
Nothing shall by any means harm you.
Remain Rapture Ready.
No man knows the day or the hour.
I'm believing for your unsaved loved ones to have a divine wake-up where the spirit of confusion is broken and the eyes of their understanding are enlightened.
Find a scripture to stand on.
Don't just repeat prayers like a parrot; get the word inside you.
Your mountain has to hear your voice.
Father, we come against the spirit of deception.
We pray divine protection over every family.
I pray they would hear Your voice and that no demonic spirits hinder them.
I call laborers across the path of every unsaved loved one.
Soften their hearts and shake them out of their sleep.
Satan, get your hands off our loved ones now in Jesus' name.
We command you to release their minds.
We call in laborers.
Be the light to someone else's need today.
Father, I thank You for healing.
We call for wholeness over cancer, diabetes, glaucoma, Alzheimer's, and dementia.
We command ears and eyes to open and the deaf to hear and the mute to speak.
I take authority over those spirits.
We thank You that we are redeemed from the curse.
You are our Lord and Savior.
Amen.
If you got healing or deliverance today, please comment below.
God bless you, and thank you for watching.
Jesus loves you so much.
Have a blessed day.
Bye-bye.